in the beginning of the reign of
in the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah this word came to Jeremiah from
Judah this word came to Jeremiah from
Judah this word came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus says the Lord to me make
the Lord thus says the Lord to me make
the Lord thus says the Lord to me make for yourselves bonds and yokes and put
for yourselves bonds and yokes and put
for yourselves bonds and yokes and put them on your neck and send them to the
them on your neck and send them to the
them on your neck and send them to the king of Edom the king of Moab the king
king of Edom the king of Moab the king
king of Edom the king of Moab the king of the ammonites the king of tyre and
of the ammonites the king of tyre and
of the ammonites the king of tyre and the king of Sidon by the hand of the
the king of Sidon by the hand of the
the king of Sidon by the hand of the messengers who come to Jerusalem to
messengers who come to Jerusalem to
messengers who come to Jerusalem to sendagaya king of Judah and command them
sendagaya king of Judah and command them
sendagaya king of Judah and command them to say to their masters thus says the
to say to their masters thus says the
to say to their masters thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel thus you
Lord of hosts the God of Israel thus you
Lord of hosts the God of Israel thus you shall say to your masters I have made
shall say to your masters I have made
shall say to your masters I have made the earth the man and the beasts that
the earth the man and the beasts that
the earth the man and the beasts that are on the ground by my great power and
are on the ground by my great power and
are on the ground by my great power and by my outstretched arm and have given it
by my outstretched arm and have given it
by my outstretched arm and have given it to whom it seemed proper to me and now I
to whom it seemed proper to me and now I
to whom it seemed proper to me and now I have given all these lands into the hand
have given all these lands into the hand
have given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon my
of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon my
of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon my servant and the beasts of the field I
servant and the beasts of the field I
servant and the beasts of the field I have also given him to serve Him so all
have also given him to serve Him so all
have also given him to serve Him so all nations shall serve Him and his son and
nations shall serve Him and his son and
nations shall serve Him and his son and his son's son until the time of his land
his son's son until the time of his land
his son's son until the time of his land comes and then many nations and great
comes and then many nations and great
comes and then many nations and great kings shall make him serve them and it
kings shall make him serve them and it
kings shall make him serve them and it shall be that the nation and Kingdom
shall be that the nation and Kingdom
shall be that the nation and Kingdom which will not serve Nebuchadnezzar the
which will not serve Nebuchadnezzar the
which will not serve Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon and which will not put
king of Babylon and which will not put
king of Babylon and which will not put its neck under the yoke of the king of
its neck under the yoke of the king of
its neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon that nation I will punish says
Babylon that nation I will punish says
Babylon that nation I will punish says the Lord with the sword the famine and
the Lord with the sword the famine and
the Lord with the sword the famine and the pestilence until I have consumed
the pestilence until I have consumed
the pestilence until I have consumed them by his end therefore do not listen
them by his end therefore do not listen
them by his end therefore do not listen to your prophets your diviners your
to your prophets your diviners your
to your prophets your diviners your dreamers your sooth says all your
dreamers your sooth says all your
dreamers your sooth says all your sorcerers who speak to you saying you
sorcerers who speak to you saying you
sorcerers who speak to you saying you shall not serve the king of Babylon for
shall not serve the king of Babylon for
shall not serve the king of Babylon for they prophesy a lie to you to remove you
they prophesy a lie to you to remove you
they prophesy a lie to you to remove you far from your land and I will drive you
far from your land and I will drive you
far from your land and I will drive you out and you will
out and you will
out and you will Parrish but the nations that bring their
Parrish but the nations that bring their
Parrish but the nations that bring their necks under the yoke of the king of
necks under the yoke of the king of
necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon and serve him I will let them
Babylon and serve him I will let them
Babylon and serve him I will let them remain in their own land and they shall
remain in their own land and they shall
remain in their own land and they shall till it and dwell in it I also spoke to
till it and dwell in it I also spoke to
till it and dwell in it I also spoke to said the kaya king of Judah according to
said the kaya king of Judah according to
said the kaya king of Judah according to all these words saying bring your necks
all these words saying bring your necks
all these words saying bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon
under the yoke of the king of Babylon
under the yoke of the king of Babylon and serve Him and his people and live
and serve Him and his people and live
and serve Him and his people and live why will you die
why will you die
why will you die you and your people by the sword by the
you and your people by the sword by the
you and your people by the sword by the famine and by the pestilence as the Lord
famine and by the pestilence as the Lord
famine and by the pestilence as the Lord has spoken against the nation that will
has spoken against the nation that will
has spoken against the nation that will not serve the king of Babylon therefore
not serve the king of Babylon therefore
not serve the king of Babylon therefore do not listen to the words of the
do not listen to the words of the
do not listen to the words of the prophets who speak to you saying you
prophets who speak to you saying you
prophets who speak to you saying you shall not serve the king of Babylon for
shall not serve the king of Babylon for
shall not serve the king of Babylon for they prophesy a lie to you for I have
they prophesy a lie to you for I have
they prophesy a lie to you for I have not sent them says the Lord yet they
not sent them says the Lord yet they
not sent them says the Lord yet they prophesy a lie in my name that I may
prophesy a lie in my name that I may
prophesy a lie in my name that I may drive you out and that you may perish
drive you out and that you may perish
drive you out and that you may perish you and the prophets who prophesy to you
you and the prophets who prophesy to you
you and the prophets who prophesy to you also I spoke to the priests and to all
also I spoke to the priests and to all
also I spoke to the priests and to all this people saying thus says the Lord do
this people saying thus says the Lord do
this people saying thus says the Lord do not listen to the words of your prophets
not listen to the words of your prophets
not listen to the words of your prophets who prophesy to you saying behold the
who prophesy to you saying behold the
who prophesy to you saying behold the vessels of the Lord's house will now
vessels of the Lord's house will now
vessels of the Lord's house will now shortly be brought back from Babylon for
shortly be brought back from Babylon for
shortly be brought back from Babylon for they prophesy a lie to you do not listen
they prophesy a lie to you do not listen
they prophesy a lie to you do not listen to them serve the king of Babylon and
to them serve the king of Babylon and
to them serve the king of Babylon and live why should the city be laid waste
live why should the city be laid waste
live why should the city be laid waste but if they are prophets and if the word
but if they are prophets and if the word
but if they are prophets and if the word of the Lord is with them let them now
of the Lord is with them let them now
of the Lord is with them let them now make intercession to the Lord of Hosts
make intercession to the Lord of Hosts
make intercession to the Lord of Hosts that the vessels which are left in the
that the vessels which are left in the
that the vessels which are left in the house of the Lord in the house of the
house of the Lord in the house of the
house of the Lord in the house of the king of Judah and at Jerusalem do not go
king of Judah and at Jerusalem do not go
king of Judah and at Jerusalem do not go to Babylon for thus says the Lord of
to Babylon for thus says the Lord of
to Babylon for thus says the Lord of hosts concerning the pillars concerning
hosts concerning the pillars concerning
hosts concerning the pillars concerning the sea concerning the carts and
the sea concerning the carts and
the sea concerning the carts and concerning the remainder of the vessels
concerning the remainder of the vessels
concerning the remainder of the vessels that remain in this city which
that remain in this city which
that remain in this city which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not take when he carried away captive
take when he carried away captive
take when he carried away captive Kanaya the son of Jehoiakim king of
Kanaya the son of Jehoiakim king of
Kanaya the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon and all
Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon and all
Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem yes
the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem yes
the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem yes thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
Israel
Israel concerning the vessels that remain in
concerning the vessels that remain in
concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the Lord and in the house
the house of the Lord and in the house
the house of the Lord and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem
of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem
of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem they shall be carried to Babylon and
they shall be carried to Babylon and
they shall be carried to Babylon and there they shall be until the day that I
there they shall be until the day that I
there they shall be until the day that I visit them says the Lord then I will
visit them says the Lord then I will
visit them says the Lord then I will bring them up and restore them to this
bring them up and restore them to this
bring them up and restore them to this place